So, guys, next we will going to discuss how to really solve the problem of software upgrade.
So let us say that we have three daughters and the quality and all the three daughters are aware of
PLB 132 definition, that is Dahlby 132 message is being prepared by the Routley and it is being received
by the Dr. B and C without any problem.
Right.
And let us also assume that all the doubters that is ABC are of the same architecture, right?
That is, they are identical machines.
Now, what will happen if the routley belongs to a vendor, let's say Cisco and Oracle, B and C belongs
to the vendor, C, Juniper.
Right.
So let us assume that Cisco has upgraded its software and as a result of upgrading the software.
And the Cisco has added a new PLB to the protocol.
So you can see that the message on the machine it is now has to deal with statistically 132 and the
be two hundred and twenty two so that the LV definition of PLB be two to two is nothing.
It's simple.
That is six bytes, which is actually represents the Mac address.
Right.
So it contains two units of PLB.
Two hundred and twenty two.
Right now, when the machine prepares this entire message, which contains the 132 and PLB two to two,
what will happen to the machine beat and machine?
See?
So let's assume that the software running on the machine has been upgraded and that software now recognizes
the with two to two.
And similarly, the software running on the machine C has been upgraded and it also recognizes that
there'll be two hundred and twenty two.
But the software running on the machine B has not been upgraded and it does not recognizes that the
PLB two to two.
Right.
That was in the sort of statement there is a there will not be a case two to two like this.
There will be no case like this because Machine B is not aware of the V two hundred and twenty two.
So the deal with the code function will execute in the default section event whenever it receives Article
V, two hundred and twenty two.
So we can see that the machine has been upgraded.
Machine B has been upgraded, but the machine C is not upgraded because it still do not recognize the
PLB.
Two hundred and twenty two.
So when the Machine B will receive this entire message, you can refer to the political function that
we had just discussed and you will see that it will that the machine B will able to read that there'll
be 132 successfully.
But when it comes to that, there'll be two hundred and twenty to the machine.
BPL with decoder function will hit the default.
Case and in default, guess what we do?
We simply skips the entire Elvie.
Right.
So the end result is that that even if the software is upgraded on machine and machine C, but not upgraded
on machine B, the machine B will continue to function like before, when all the machines A, B and
C were not upgraded.
Right.
So the existing functionality continues to run between machines A, B and C, however, machine and
C can now participate
in new functionality that is implemented by the deal with two hundred and twenty two, because both
the machine and C recognize that they'll be two hundred and twenty two.
But the machine will not be able to will not be able to be a part of that new functionality, but we
have achieved the purpose of we hear that as a part of upgrading the software on certain notice and
the topology that alters the rotors, which are not operated in the topology, continue to function
as before.
That is, the old behavior or the old functionality is not broken.
So we have just learned how to Elvie solves the problem of software upgrade also.
So this is all about tell these guys maybe you will have a short assignment on PLB.
Thank you.